hey what's going on guys jakafi dates
again with our church is here and i am
bringing you some metal amount of
sexiness warfighter beta on the xbox 360
footage okay this is just my first
impressions of the beta obviously i
can't speak for the whole game this
isn't a review so take everything i say
is my opinion and just with the grain of
salt before you get mad okay because
it's the end that you guys get pissed
off when I review a game so I was super
excited for this I love the last middle
of water that came out two years ago I
was like one of the few people that
actually did and if you don't know I
actually started my channel on Middle
water this game I like less than the
first one and when I say first time
speaking of the new installations by
dice and whatnot obviously not the
original team that started the franchise
because that team wanting to make call
of duty modern warfare eriko duty period
and they left but this new I don't like
the smell of water and a couple of
things it has too much customization for
one thing I know that's weird to bitch
about but I think the last one had
enough maybe you could use a little more
but this one went over the top and I
think where they added so much
customization they kind of hurt the game
plan aspect of it now it is fun don't
get me wrong I think this game is fun
but it doesn't play to me as good as the
last one on console now I've played this
on PC a lot of people haven't but it was
at events played on pc and they played
better than call of duty or as good as
call of duty it was very fluid now
obviously this is a console game so they
drop it down to 30fps why they couldn't
do 60 I don't know this is for like all
battlefield related games so that's a
big problem it feels really heavy and
clunky sometimes the fluid dynamics of
your character is really good your
mantling over objects in a cool way it's
all fluid but like when you go prone and
lift yourself up it's all heavy and it
takes a while to get your gun set where
you can shoot whatnot so then I don't
like the killstreaks to me are confusing
compared to the last one like seen the
top left that bar that fills up that's
like an arbitrary thing like I don't
know what the number is in there I don't
know how to raise it up more and what
points do what in the last medal of
honor it gave you points and you had to
get points and if you use like support
or any support or like objective related
killstreak because you get two options
it increased your point a lot more but
you didn't kill anyone really
hope your team as a whole it's the same
for this but they changed how they do it
like it's that bar and I really don't
like that and see like it fills up if
they just gave a number there with the
bar I'd be cool but it's so random you
have no idea if you're closer if you're
far too getting a kill streak or what is
just really weird so I don't like how
they did that now like I said there's
tons of classes tons of guns um the
buddy system they have in here is kind
of cool and try and talk over the
airplane that's flying by is kind of
cool but it's not if you get a shitty
teammate they don't heal you and they
don't give you a mo so that's kind of
fucked up I'd rather be able to do that
to myself will like the battlefield kind
of way where you've got a class and you
give yourself an mo I believe in the
first medal of honor you could do that
as well that was a perk of each class
you could throw it out mo or he'll could
be wrong on that but that's just how I
vaguely remember it who just ranted on
just ranted on so I think it's fun if
you want to play it um I'm gonna do this
is kind of a thing what he does but if
you get multiple games a year pick it up
possibly i personally i might buy it but
here's the thing if i buy it i'm buying
it strictly for pc which sucks cuz it's
an EA game and they get their origins so
yeah i'll be getting on pc but i haven't
even decided if i want to do that yet I
may just rent it and I may not rent it
for the multiplayer I want to play the
campaign because I really liked it was a
really good campaign for medal of honor
the first one and I want that experience
again so i may rent it and the pistols
are still good in this game I like the
pistols they were good in the first
model of honor and they're still getting
this one so that's awesome i love the
pistols in these games they're fucking
badass so yeah for me it's more of a
rent type of deal okay because this
comes out on october twenty third then
halo 4 comes out and then black ops 2
comes out so i probably will not be
buying this until later i mean i buy at
all like i said and here's here's a
little mini rant I'm a little pissed off
at you know EA in Microsoft and then
because I stayed up all night thursday
night or yeah thursday night to friday
because they said it was going to the
beta was going to come out at midnight
pacific standard time then they said 2
a.m. pacific standard time which
is a normal time for they released dlc
for like call of duty and why not and
here i get a here's one of the assault
streaks i'm using it's a badass like
predator missile type deal then they
said three a.m. pacific standard time
and they said nine a.m. pacific standard
time then they said 11 half is extended
time like I was so fucking tired so like
that's why I didn't do a Medal of Honor
video yesterday because I just I was
pissed off and I didn't want to deal
with it because I was up all day that's
reason why there isn't no get the car
every just either like they fucked me
for that day I did put up two other
videos though yesterday which you can
see at the end of this one and here i
get a little cool mini killstreak it's
fun i'm laying prone they don't know i'm
here and i'm spraying falls down that is
a good assault rifle right there I like
that one so that's it guys my first
impressions I might do a more in-depth
view of this game as I play it more i've
only played about like an hour's worth
of it so far but i want to get this
video out to you guys you have something
a little bit toub watch over your eyes
however go you get have a great day guys
liked the video hit the cheers button
comment below and i love you guys have a
good day
you